hi I'm Sarah from the good food kukri
team and today I'm going to show you a
house make a Bloody Mary i have to admit
i don't really like bloody marys anyone
we have a show of hands for who likes
them yeah i can bring Anna know you with
me last 10 don't suit yes yeah it's just
ketchup called soon Mansour this is too
much do you remember that advert for
sort of a well-known soup brand that
comes in a dry packet and they had that
horrible advert was like people pointing
to champaign geysers doing yeah mofo
they're calling it now their face it was
cold Oh Karina what about you yes no no
no tomorrow's I've seen it when done
with yellow tomatoes as well i don't it
looked more appealing bum sort of a bit
more yeah yeah yeah okay well i'm going
to show you how to make it anyway maybe
will change your mind so canned plum
tomatoes just got a couple again you
need your blender for this one you can
do it with tomato juice but I quite like
doing it with plums water to get bit
more texture in it mm-hmm I say quite
like it's marginally better for me
another but it's so popular isn't I
always feel bad when I go to brunch meet
my friends and everyone looks like
having such a nice time when they have a
Bloody Mary compared to a cup of tea but
I don't know it is the hangover cure so
you know it serves a purpose there is a
place for it than the cocktail world so
it can you have it off to sort of one
o'clock a bloody mary or no oh yeah I'm
sure you could the UH it's just like a
lunch kind of improving it to be fair
yes there's not like a time etiquette
that sort of once branches over like no
us thinking more along lines of a
breakfast drink but uh yeah it is hair
that I
you might need this over the festive
season so I'm going to try and add lots
of flavor anymore so even if you don't
like it you might think you're not like
it but hopefully maybe you'd like to try
it after this see if we can't read your
mind anyway and my mind a bit of vodka
so about eight tablespoons but I kind of
do it to taste again it's something
where I might be inclined to add the
alcohol at the end depending on how much
hair of the dog you need so this is like
eight tablespoons you know sort of and
then I'm not going to add too much other
flavors at this stage because i'm going
to use this like sort of like a party
thing and let up people flavor it
themselves but just to sort of season it
appear i'm going in with just one thing
of horseradish what do you think about
horseradish in it this is not
controversial no no no it's good it's
good yes and kick I think yeah Worcester
sauce this is good cuz it adds a bit of
sweetness so a splash of that leave that
one up there Tabasco again I'm only
adding little splashes at this stage
because I don't want to make it that
nobody likes that want you to be able to
flavor it for your own pace so I think
you're having like a brunch party then
that's a really good way to do it so in
with that and then that's it i'm just
going to whisk that up together so it's
sort of yeah it is going to be quite
thick and pop you're going to need some
of those like really thick straws i
think to drink it with a straw if you
want so into the blender again no
frothy yeah frothy and I know if you did
it with the horseradish just all right
pink yeah okay right a lot of peep out
they were gonna like this one though i
know i like the ingredients ready it's
very unfashionable in new york right now
as well isn't it like just everyone has
their claim that they did the best
Bloody Mary in town revisiting the
classics yes yeah kareena sort of like I
can see inside she's shaking her head
I'm not fun Kerry's just keeping quiet
she's waiting for the 931 so I've put
loads of icing nothing worse than kind
of getting to the soup stages or so you
kind of want it really nice and cold and
then I mean it's like obviously super
super easy if you did have a big brunch
party just freeze up loads of this and
have it ready and then right like I said
not added much to it really because what
I'd like to do if i was having party is
um do it with this kind of like flavor
tray of stuff so people can really spice
up their own depending what they like so
i've got lemon wedges it's quite nice to
add a bit of citrus i think anyone put
lemon in there buddy i think that to me
makes it a bit better okay anything i
just thought this matters would be
aesthetics so the sort of years is maybe
ever done burning this citrus a guess
sir trying different one um depends
about what tomato juice we got some
really good Italian bum tomatoes but
will be gonna be a bit sweeter or if
you're buying them kind of just after
summer time when they've all been like
newly can't and stuffing they're really
fresh they'll be really good if it like
if you've gone lemon in it's a bit too
sharp counteracting with a bit of
Worcester sauce maybe and so I've got
two baths go out obviously for those who
like it's
I see and I've put some chili flakes as
well so I thought would be really nice
kind of like that's sort of uber hair of
the dog isn't it so like some chili
flakes like I said lemon wedges I've got
just like peppercorns so like I'd really
really kind of roughly do peppercorns so
you get nice peppery hits like you might
want to have like fine ground pepper to
go through the whole thing and then some
kind of freshly done peppercorns um I've
tried it with Sichuan peppercorns as
well okay this is good to you guys have
and then I'm got Szechuan peppercorns in
their store cupboard they're really okay
look then they make you numb they make
your tongue numb if you have too many of
them but they're really nice and so I've
got yeah I think in like a really fancy
cocktail they'd be great cuz i've got
this year this funny antiseptic kind of
miss them like very strong drink many of
them Silas at my house do you like I've
got celery yeah yeah okay Edina stir it
up yeah I like the ones at the leaf and
Google there anywhere everyone always
seems to have a Bloody Mary on a plane
but I seen ya every time every time I'm
flying I don't know whether it's like
men in suit sort of thing but I just see
simony like I don't think her in real
life drinks buddy Mary's and then what
maybe they're trying to work off the
hangover us see that ugly they probably
flight was delayed they had to kill a
couple of hours in the airport bar exam
their friends what else would anyone
else put in their bloody marys anything
I've missed you think would be good well
thank you pretty much pretty much
covered it did yeah Creed is a very like
leave out the tomato juice maybe yes
bloody marys main spirit is it vodka
that's yeah i think is there can you do
one with gin or is it be a bit dad I'm
Donna see why not might be just a little
bit different I'm gonna go John's a zoo
or something like that right
mom yeah look I may be dark but might be
good and it was a and because I've seen
some people doing chili focus our like
you know in hampers and sounds quite
easy to make chicken or isn't it just
basically your bottle of vodka just get
a whole Chile and poke it a couple of
times with a skewer just a couple of
holes but leave it whole and then just
pop it through the neck of the bottle
and sort of i don't really fat week two
weeks to shake it and its really infuse
properly properly has a real kick that
would be quite nice in here yeah by
itself it's kind of you know quite harsh
but in that would add sort of your spice
already and it so I've not yeah no one's
looking is excited by this one well I
was just thinking if you to add like a
another sort of tangible aromatic herb
like you know like like you carry Enders
are you bet bezels to me justjust but
just in a very small map is obviously
quite strong one it could just given you
know another kind of another dimension
yeah coriander seeds would be nice maybe
juniper seeds like a message that's the
gym that's the Jenna thing isn't it yeah
so maybe gin and juniper tomato juice
loads of ice I want food battle yeah
that's mostly puzzle tomorrow BOSU
that's kiss lips to the perspective
that's probably soup yeah although you
could have a bit more I mean like
thinking of things that they put with
gazpacho so you know you could probably
go in with some like roasted red pepper
if you wanted it a bit more gooey and
sweet it out with sweet and icy and add
a really good hit of color if you had
kind of those nice ready roasted ones
from a jar or something mm-hmm that's
the proper dish yeah and then have a
point oh yeah it's like the most
flexible recipe ever it's a double up
you know drink in the morning and then
save the rest for your starter for
dinner in the summer
true okay well thanks guys so that's
your Bloody Mary thank you thanks
you